readme.md, before:

# Nao - NVDA Advanced OCR
Nao (NVDA Advanced OCR) is an addon that improves the standard OCR capabilities that NVDA provides on modern Windows versions.
While NVDA standard command uses Windows OCR to recognize the screen, NAO is able to make the OCR on files saved on your hard drive or USB devices. 
Use NVDA-Shift-R to recognize any sorts of images and pdf! 
Simply put the focus / cursor on the file you desire, don't open it, but hit NVDA-Shift-r. 
The document will be recognized and a simple text editfield will appear, allowing you to read the entire content. 
Nao is able to handle also multipage pdf, so if you have a not accessible document, don't worry, Windows OCR will be able to make yhr entire work 
## System Requirements
The addon works on Windows 10 and Windows 11 systems, since they have OCR capabilities builtin. 
Nao is compatible from NVDA version 2021.2, so don't use older versions of the screen reader.
Note that Nao works only within Windows Explorer or on desktop, so don't use other filemanager like Total Commander or similar, since at the moment  they are not supported.
## Features and commands
* NVDA + Shift + R: recognize any sorts of images and pdf from file system;
  * PgUp / PgDown: move the cursor between real pages of a multipages document.
  * NVDA + Shift + P: report page number related to the cursor position, in a multipage document.
* NVDA + Shift + Ctrl + R: take a full screen shot and recognize it.

Commit message:

update readme for compatibility with total commander

readme.md, after:

# Nao - NVDA Advanced OCR
Nao (NVDA Advanced OCR) is an addon that improves the standard OCR capabilities that NVDA provides on modern Windows versions.
While NVDA standard command uses Windows OCR to recognize the screen, NAO is able to make the OCR on files saved on your hard drive or USB devices. 
Use NVDA-Shift-R to recognize any sorts of images and pdf! 
Simply put the focus / cursor on the file you desire, don't open it, but hit NVDA-Shift-r. 
The document will be recognized and a simple text editfield will appear, allowing you to read the entire content. 
Nao is able to handle also multipage pdf, so if you have a not accessible document, don't worry, Windows OCR will be able to make yhr entire work 
## System Requirements
The addon works on Windows 10 and Windows 11 systems, since they have OCR capabilities builtin. 
Nao is compatible from NVDA version 2021.2, so don't use older versions of the screen reader.
Note that Nao works  with Windows Explorer, on desktop,  or with Total Commander filemanager; don't use other software like 7zip or Winrar , since they are not supported.
## Features and commands
* NVDA + Shift + R: recognize any sorts of images and pdf from file system;
  * PgUp / PgDown: move the cursor between real pages of a multipages document.
  * NVDA + Shift + P: report page number related to the cursor position, in a multipage document.
* NVDA + Shift + Ctrl + R: take a full screen shot and recognize it.
